Documentation update (#223)
serilog/serilog-settings-configuration: CHANGES.md

# Changelog

3.2.0 (pre-release)

* #202 - added support to AuditTo.Logger
* #203 - added support for custom types in arrays and custom collections
* #218 - fixed an issue with `dotnet restore` with `rid` specified if referenced from `netstandard` project
* #219 - reduced search graph for configuration dlls to avoid native assets
* #221 - added support for conditional/leveled enrichers from Serilog 2.9+
* #222 - updated Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel

3.1.0

* #155 - improve SelfLog output when misconfigured
* #160 - respect dynamic logging level changes for LevelSwitch section
* #158 - update NuGet package license format to new format
* #159 - DllScanningAssemblyFinder fixes #157, #150, #122, #156
* #161 - support simple type names for Serilog types
* #151 - no longer rely on static state in ConfigurationReader
* #179 - added missing null checks for settingConfiguration
* #163 - added new ReadFrom.Configuration(...) overloads; marked old as obsolete
* #176 - added test to show how to filter child contexts

3.0.1

* #142 - Fix IConfiguration parameters not being populated

> * #143 - Fix ReadFrom.ConfigurationSection() looking for sections below a root Serilogsection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #143 - Fix ReadFrom.ConfigurationSection() looking for sections below a root Serilog section
```

Author: fixed, thanks
